Troubleshooting catalog docs (#729)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/details/troubleshooting-the-catalog/index.md

---
title: Troubleshooting the Catalog
publishedDate: '2022-05-17T21:00:00.0Z'
description: How to resolve issues getting data into the catalog
---

## About Locations

> The backstage catalog uses location entities to point to external sources (in version control) which defined entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backstage catalog uses location entities to point to external sources which define entities.
```
Not necessarily SCM, we have S3 enabled as well right?

> The backstage catalog uses location entities to point to external sources (in version control) which defined entities.

Reviewer 2: Could we go into more depth here perhaps? What does a location entity look like? Like I've been using B backstage for 2 years and I'm honestly still confused about locations and how they get interpreted by Backstage.

Reviewer: I'll continue on top of these docs and add more stuff regarding location mgmt etc.
